[Music]
I'm Popeye the Sailor Man [Music]
I'm Popeye the Sailor Man
I'm strong and athletic
cause I eat my spinach
I'm Popeye the sailor man
I biffs em and buffs em and always out-roughs em
And none of them gets no where
Now, if anyone 'dasses to risk my 'fisk'
It's "boff" and its "wham", understand?
So keep good "behavor" it's your one life-saver
with Popeye the sailor man
Sing along with me!
everybody!
I'm Popeye the sailor man
I am wot I am and thats all wot I am
I'm one tough Ga-zoo-kus
[Music]
Wot hates all Pa-loo-kas
Wot aint on the ups and square
Boy I biffs em and buffs em and always out roughs em
but none of em gets no where
Now if anyone dasses to risk my "fisk"
It's boff and its wham understan?
So keep good behavor
Its your life saver
with Popeye the sailor man
Oh I'm Popeye the sailor man
I'm popeye the sailor man
I'm strong to the finich cause I eats me spinach
I'm Popeye the sailor man